Stop
Zhou Zhou Gongzi
Why are you here?
Are there any injuries?
Which of you did it?
He hit him
Boss Zhou is him
He ordered me
Don't be afraid.
have me
Marty, right?
Everything that happened to Xu Shiyang today
I want you to repay it a thousand times over
You trash
There are so many of us
What are you afraid of him for?
He is the crown prince of the Zhou family
I offended him more than I offended Mr. Wang
He is the crown prince of the Zhou family, that's right
It's a walking ATM.
You tied him up?
Billions of minutes to the account
That's money your brothers can't change for the rest of their lives
Since Boss Zhou has delivered it to your door
Don't blame your brother
We called for backup before we got here
Don't you think so.
Shoot if you have one